# Backend team meeting #12

When: 9/12/20, 22:00 UTC
Attending: Aapeli, Christian, Garikoitz, Itsi, Lucas, Marco, Miguel

## Notes

* Introduce all new devs and get to know each other a bit
* Closed PRs: GIS features (user locations, jail), error sanitization, some db refactoring, docs, ci/cd stuff, bugfixes
* Discuss open PRs: cookie based auth, user map
* Local communities dev
    - Most backend devs will be working on this next
    - Need to set up a meeting to finalise conceptual model
    - Meeting needs concrete agenda and list of homework for people to do, so we avoid having another unproductive meeting
* Lookup by location/city/etc
    - Some kind of visibility setting is needed
    - How to prevent abuse? Granularity up to a city?
    - Difficult topic
    - Input from UX/UI folks?
    - Also includes user map
* Miguel: comments on documentation
    - Looks good from point of view of new dev
    - Possibly add a sample guide on how to make a small feature for the repo as an example
* Lucas points out that the UX/UI + frontend meeting is happening soon which will cause a bunch of new issues to be opened about small (possibly good-first-issue) tweaks to APIs, etc
* Tina: Zoom controls on map, tweak the "no results" section (to not look like a popup)
* Marco: More dummy data, user profiles for development
