# Backend team meeting #3

Attending: Aapeli, Caleb, Christian

## Main discussion points:

* Roadmap

## Reminder of roadmap

* References
* Messaging
* Reporting
* Moderation v1 (alert to admins)

21/Jul: halfway to alpha

* Hosting/Surfing
* Host preferences (calendar, accepting guests, guest preferences)
* User media (photos)

4/Aug: first "public" alpha

## Summary of last two weeks

* Messaging: making good progress, hopefully done by end of week/Saturday
* Caleb: working on deployment and cost estimates with flow charts and high-level overview

## Plan for next two weeks

* Aapeli: try to finish messaging by end of this week
* Caleb: continue working on deployment and CI/CD, hopefully make progress over weekend, 1-on-1 chat with Aapeli hopefully next week same time
* Christian: work on references, reporting & moderation, 1-on-1 chat with Aapeli sometime in the next few days

Try to push forward and start on next chunk of features over weekend.
