# Backend team meeting #8

Attending: Aapeli, Claudio, Lucas, Sam

## Agenda

* Lucas is working now mostly on refactoring the frontend with JP
* Aapeli has been busy with planning local communities features with Keni and Itsi. Christian and Tina will help out on that front. Will try to get GIS PR in by the weekend.
* Sam raised some PRs that Aapeli will review, and will then get onto looking at account management
* Claudio will look into making specs more rigorous for missing features, etc
