# Backend team meeting #4

Attending: Aapeli, Caleb, Christian, Itsi, Josh, Lucas

## Main items

* New members: Janis and Josh, Chagai?
* Next main goal: merge PRs, add hosting/surfing + polish up for alpha release asap
* Then: do some refactoring/add tests, move onto next set of features, eye towards beta
* Discussion on version/release plan
* Caleb: update on deployment and CI/CD progress/plan
* Lucas: discussion/demo on Flutter frontend/app
* Style guide!
* PR conventions, when to review/merge, WIP/MRG, etc
* Update on rest of couchers: frontend/graphics, legal side, community

## Summary of last two weeks

* Solid effort from the team, we made really good progress!
* Fetures/pulls merged:
    - Reporting/moderation/banhammer
    - Messaging v1.0 (fairly rough)
    - Markdown rendering for profiles
    - Custom error strings
    - Lots of work on testing!
* PRs in progress:
    - References (awaiting review)
    - Messaging v1.1
    - User media

## Plan for next two weeks

* Merge WIP PRs
* Implement hosting/surfing
* Do clean up/polishing up
* Deploy first "alpha" version to community, big disclaimers, etc
* Start on GIS and events

## Reminder of roadmap

* References
* Messaging
* Reporting
* Moderation v1 (alert to admins)

21/Jul: halfway to alpha

* Hosting/Surfing
* Host preferences (calendar, accepting guests, guest preferences)
* User media (photos)

4/Aug: first "public" alpha (Today)

Rest of roadmap [here](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/blob/develop/docs/features.md).
