# Backend team meeting #14

When: 6/1/21, 20:00 UTC
Attending: Aapeli, Christian, Claudio, Lucas, Marco, Sam

## Notes

* Discuss PRs:
  - Background jobs: OK from Christian
  - Model split: OK from Marco
  - Geo functions: OK from Aapeli
  - Communities and groups: OK from Aapeli
  - Threads: OK from Christian
* URL JSON specification
  - JSON is overengineered
  - Do a basic markdown doc instead
  - Also communities URL forms/slugs
* SQLAlchemy sessions: OK from Christian
* Claudio is keen to help out on testing/QA, but the product may be too unstable yet for it to be meaningful/worth his time
