# Backend team meeting #33

When: 29/9/21, 20:00 UTC.
Attending: Aapeli, Christian, Lucas

## Notes

* Everybody has been busy
* Aapeli fixed the CDN thing for react-snap
* Christian is investigating isort issue
* Christian will add isort and black to CI
