# Backend team meeting #23

When: 12/5/21, 20:00 UTC.
Attending: Aapeli, Christian, Lennart, Lucas, Sam

## Notes

* Good work! A lot of PRs have been merged in the past 2 weeks
* API tracing, etc
  - Lennart has a lot of ideas on metrics collection, dashboarding, and logging: he will hopefully make a prototype or investigate for us
* Resources
  - talking about embedding in frontends vs getting it from the backend, issues with lack of versioning, Lucas says frontend prefers getting it from the backend
* Lennart asks about big backend things coming
  - Finish off community features and then clean/solidify them up
  - Full rewrite of notifications
  - Refactoring the API surfaces before native apps
  - Just a bunch of general refactoring
* Aapeli has crazy ideas about a two level API and aggressive caching at the edge
* What're people working on
  - Lennart is still busy with other things
  - Christian working on phone verification #896
  - Sam still working on open PRs but pretty busy
