# Backend team meeting #29

When: 4/8/21, 20:00 UTC.
Attending: Aapeli, Christian, Henri, Lucas, Sam

## Notes

* Languages/regions, adding custom ones, etc. Give people what they want?
* Trying to recruit new devs
* Lucas: map filter questions
* Communities query is slow: Aapeli wants a cache. Christian thinks we can get away with an index. Aapeli: probably true
* What are people doing:
  * Sam working on account deletion
  * Christian is busy with his summer holiday and will help out on stuff hopefully in around 2 weeks
