# Backend team meeting #30

When: 18/8/21, 20:00 UTC.
Attending: Aapeli, Christian, Faizan, Lucas, Sam

## Notes

* Donations up, got some donations, woo!
* Aapeli is a bit busy for the next weeks
* Notifications
* Flagging: naming the db fields, etc
* Lucas: static rendering stuff
* Faizan: VS Code debugging through docker? Thinks he figured it out
* What everyone is working on:
  * Faizan: looking at #1770
  * Sam: busy in a few weeks, working on wrapping up a few PRs he has open
  * Christian: speeding up the slow communities API calls (using db indexes?)
  * Aapeli: flagging, notifications
