# Dev meeting

When: 28/5/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Jesse, Kofi, Krishna (briefly), Tristan, Yannic

# Notes

* Aapeli: has been thinking about re-positioning around safety, small discussion around that
* Round of introductions
* Tristan: overview of project management ideas and how the Couchers 2024+ Github project has been laid out
* Milestones
  - Currently: priming the pump/building up to a "we're back announcement"
  - Safety
  - Moderation
  - v1?
* Keeping track of what evereyone is doing
* David: would like to do user interviews on main pain points
* Very big talk on albums
  - David: thinks it's critical for usability and sussing out users
  - Jesse: is afraid of people misusing the feature
  - Aapeli: thinks we should build in a killswitch but we shouldn't not build it due to fear
  - An idea of putting it behind Strong Verification is raised
  - One main issue: it's hard to have a clear policy on what pictures are allowed and what are not, and to moderate that
  - The idea is canned
* Tristan: what's going on with the mobile app?
  - Aapeli: we had a few false starts, thinks we should regroup and get Safety & Moderation out before working on it
  - Maybe after we clear V1, we try to do it
  - Hopefully upcoming newsletter blast brings interested people to work on it
