# Dev meeting

When: 1/10/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Nicole

# Notes

* Ivan, Jesse, Yannic: couldn't make it due to various reasons
* Aapeli: implemented lite user in backend, looking for someone to implement it in the frontend
  - Nicole: might have a look at lite user in frontend
  - Aapeli: will write an issue with explanation
* Discussion about different methodologies to reduce API calls, what GraphQL does, backend-for-frontend
* Events page
  - David: has a solid idea on how it should look
  - Big discussion on how to do the events page, too cluttered?
* Map page
  - David: showed some sketches to Aapeli
  - Agreed it was good and he would go ahead

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: a variety of things
  - David: map stuff, wants to talk about 
  - Nicole: working on new events page
