# Dev meeting

When: 17/9/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Ivan, Jesse, Krishna

# Notes

* Nicole: couldn't make it due to travel!
* Aapeli: made CouchersBot post on #active-couchers every time we deploy
  - Should we make it less chatty: on another channel, etc?
  - Aapeli: will move it to another channel
* Aapeli: new "Open Source & Sponsors" page
* Aapeli: has been working on some performance + cost optimization on AWS
  - Moved next to lightsail
  - Cloudfront CDN stuff
* Jesse: observes slow performance on search page
  - Aapeli: will have a look
* Aapeli: we need to split user and profile apart
* Aapeli: big change in backend so that a session_scope() is automatically created and sent to the backend
* David: map things
  - Jesse: observes map usability/UX issues
  - David, Jesse, Aapeli will have a zoom to discuss map UX
  - Placed strict limits of Jesse's drinking until said meeting
* Mobile
  - Ivan: has been reading up on Expo
  - Ivan: everyone seems to be using react-native-navigation, should we switch from expo-router?
* Krishna: suggests we match a language if its language ability is fluent or conversational
  - We agree it's good
  - Aapeli: in the frontend nothing but fluent is implemented right now anyway
* Krishna: question about sleeping arrangements
  - Discussion on shared bed, etc

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: a variety of things
  - David: map pagination, making the map work more like in figma designs, map issues
  - Ivan: working on landing page and login for react native
  - Jesse: helping to write help pages, community/support/etc, the usual
  - Krishna: search filtering in backend
