# Dev meeting

When: 7/5/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Yannic, Tristan, David, Jesse, Krishna

# Notes

* Aapeli updates
  - Notifications
  - Moderation
  - Console
  - Verification
    - Stripe ID
    - Postal mail
* Tristan: do we have an idea of common pain points from regular users, etc
  - Jesse: did a lot of surveys of support enquiries
  - Conversation about ???
  - Aapeli: we have forum as well, but these are not a representative sample of users, and so on. Probably we need some more appropriate way to get actionable, useful feedback.
  - Yannic: suggests some kind of survey (Google Form?)
* Krishna: issues with sign up
  - Big discussion about sign up problems
    * Form is confusing
    * Add more
  - Sign in also confusing with two screens
* Map search issues
