# Dev meeting

When: 3/9/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Jesse, Nicole

# Notes

* Yannic and Tristan couldn't make it unfortunately
* Yapping about life
* Aapeli: crashed the site on Sunday, recap of outage
* Nicole: basically ready with the notification settings page
* Could we have a pre-commit hook for prettier?
* Jesse: has been automating chatwoot, now about 90% of emails are auto-tagged or auto-handled
* Aapeli: should we turn off the contributor form on the signup page?
  - We don't really get back to people on that, so we shouldn't disappoint people
* Jesse: comments on discussions (https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/issues/4240)
* Aapeli: wants to add a note to support/donate in reference emails
* Nicole: merch? swag?

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: breaking prod
  - Jesse: chatwoot automations
  - Nicole: notification settings page in react, almost done!
