# Dev meeting

When: 20/8/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Jesse, Nicole, Tristan, Yannic

# Notes

* Welcoming Nicole
* Aapeli: demo of the alpha native mobile app!
* Nicole: looking for a good issue to start on
  - Frontend settings
* Aapeli: maps
* Jesse: figma stuff

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: newsletter & native map
  - David: map refactor (nearly finished)
  - Jesse: helping with google play store stuff, support & moderation
  - Nicole: notification settings page in react
  - Tristan: badge pages, activeness probes & highlighting active people
  - Yannic: analysis of survey results, making communities
