# Dev meeting

When: 10/9/24, 20:30 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Ivan, Jesse, Nicole, Yannic

# Notes

* Map updates
  - When you first open the map, it should show the world with all users, without any filtering
  - Jesse observes issues when he opens the map, then searches Berlin and shows only 5 users
* Map filters
  - Krishna
* David: can we have a notification when we deploy to prod?
  - Aapeli: will make CouchersBot write it in #active-couchers
* Notifications
  - This PR: add in feature preview with system notifications
  - Next PR: check user id, stop notifications
  - Then: move to right settings screen, nag people (lightly) to enable
* Vercel: ending their OSS program, we might just move to paying?
* Big discussion on the events page
  - Nicole will work on it after notifications, might not be able to make next meeting
* Linting PR?
* Who can help Aapeli review some PRs?
  - Nicole: will help look at them later today
* Mobile
  - Ivan: has been trying to set up the current react native stuff but struggling because it's a bit of a mess
  - Aapeli: will do a bit of cleanup of native and write some kind of readme

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: many things, getting small PRs fixed, then cleaning up native-alpha
  - David: map fixes, then linting PR, then pagination
  - Ivan: working on setting up current react native
  - Jesse: helping to write help pages, proof reading of newsletter/blog update, community/support/etc/the uuuz
  - Nicole: web push notifications, some other PRs, reviewing Aapeli's PRs, then new events page
  - Yannic: analysis of the survey, helping with adding some stuff to the grafana dashboard!
