# Dev meeting

When: 16/7/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Alex, David, Jesse, Krishna, Tristan, Yannic

# Notes

* Aapeli: frontend auth issues
  - users get logged out whenever the local storage gets wiped for whatever reason
  - have a PR suggesting an auth check
  - David: will have a look
* Krishna: working on verification stuff
* Krishna:
  - made an issue about missing filters
  - Aapeli: we have now enough users that we need better filtering, e.g. Paris has over a dozen very good profiles, but they're mixed with 3x as many not as interesting profiles
* David: pagination on map page
* Yannic: lots of survey responders asked for ways of filtering out inactive users
* Aapeli: how to make sorting fast, etc?
* David: finished community invite feature
* Yannic: we should get back to people who offered to volunteer in the survey
* Jesse: volunteering
  - There are two types of volunteering flows: the survey, and those who fill out the recruitment ads
* Jesse, David, Yannic: will think about recruiting
* Jesse: maybe ask Emily too?
* Aapeli: maybe have another process for devs that allows them to get started themselves if they are keen
* Jesse: finished the handbook migration!! woop woop.
* Aapeli: wanted dev input on defaults for how visible profiles ought to be to signed out users

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: newsletter
  - David: map refactor
  - Krishna: working on the donation check for certain verification
    * Will need some frontend work to update flows and donation page once this is done
  - Tristan: badge page PR, highlighting active people
  - Yannic: analysis of survey results, focus on text data as well, was working on multiple pictures, will work on search in bounding box
  - Jesse: recruiting
