# Dev meeting

When: 11/6/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Al, David, Jesse, Kofi, Krishna, Tristan, Yannic

# Notes

* Al joining for first time: welcome Al
* Yannic: introduced Ruff for formatting/import sorting
  - Also pre-commit hook: install with `pre-commit install`?
* Tristan: quick evangelising about Nix :)
* Aapeli: develop backed up by notifications, trying to finish that off and deploy develop onto prod tonight
* David: bringing notification settings over to the web frontend (from console)
* Aapeli: need "invite community" to event pages
  - Al will take it up
  - An issue was created
* Tristan: working on badge list and PM docs
* Map search stuff
  - Yannic: thought about event search
  - Jesse: need a filter for meetup status
  - Krishna: interested in implementing event search by location and meetup status filter in backend
  - Jesse: shared mockups for events
  - Aapeli: do we want to refactor how we do location?
  - ... big discussion, Aapeli is bad at taking notes
  - Separate meeting for map discussion: same time 2 days + 1 hour from now

* What everyone's working on
  - Aapeli: phase 3 wrap up, SV, notifications, blog posts
  - Al: invite community to event
  - Tristan: badges, PM docs, donation features
  - Yannic: survey, "BI", multiple pictures
  - Krishna: event search by location, meetup status filter
  - Kofi: halo for SV
  - David: working on refactoring the map
  - Jesse: chatwoot, moving help pages to help.couchers.org
