# Dev meeting

When: 23/7/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Alex, David, Jesse, Murtaza, Tristan, Yannic

# Notes

* Jesse: going over old pain points document
  - Very satisfying allegedly
* Murtaza: introducing himself
  - Keen to help Jesse on various moderation and support tasks
* Everyone introduces themselves, chit chat
* David: awesome demo of map refactoring and viewport search
* Aapeli: demo of some new admin tools
* Tristan: demo of public roadmap
* Discussion about bug reports and who is looking a bug tool reports, etc
* Tristan: issues with react query for badge pages
* Recruiting trio (Jesse, David, Yannic) did not meet yet but talked a bit on slack
  - Jesse: would like Emily on board as well
  - Aapeli: maybe a new dev day
  - Yannic: will email people who expressed interest in the survey
* Yannic: where should we implement event search by viewbox and similar in the API/backend?
* Murtaza: wants to try pen-testing the app
  - OK on next.couchershq.org

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: newsletter
  - Alex: Aapeli will talk to him
  - David: map refactor
  - Jesse: recruiting, support & moderation
  - Murtaza: support analysis with Jesse
  - Tristan: badge pages, activeness probes & highlighting active people
  - Yannic: analysis of survey results, getting in touch with people who expressed interest in volunteering via survey
