# Dev meeting

When: 22/10/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Ivan, Kate, Max, Nicole, Yannic

# Notes

* Introductions
* Mobile app
  - Aapeli: Ivan has been doing an awesome job, people are excited
  - Ivan: React Native was a good choice: allows lots of code reuse
  - Ivan: what's the minimal feature set until we can release the app?
  - Aapeli: suggests we do a "Couchers.org companion" first with messaging and request messaging
  - Webview embedding of non-native things would be great
* Aapeli: a common issue is that it's not possible to list all conversations (regardless of type)
  - Aapeli: it should be easy to build an API to list all convos
  - Consensus: it's a good idea to build that
* Aapeli: a common issue is that it's not possible to respond to past requests or declined reqs
  - Consensus: it ought to be non-controversial to allow interacting with past requests
* Nicole: we should close some of the PRs we have since there's so many
* We need some UI/UX folks that frontend folks can consult on design questions
  - Consensus: we should create a volunteer page
  - Nicole: will advertise on Linkedin
* Nicole: how do we currently do Q/A, testing?
  - Aapeli: we used to have someone do that
  - Nicole: maybe cyprus/playwright for main user flows
* David: interested in trying out Mojo in place of Python?

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: wrap up PRs, then map pin coloring by activeness, then the other common issues, then wants to work on activeness probes
  - David: filters on user search
  - Ivan: mobile app
  - Kate: working on issue to stop it from being possible to leave empty comments
  - Max: loading spinners (#5026)
  - Nicole: finalizing events, then getLiteUsers
  - Yannic: ditches before his update
