# Dev meeting

When: 24/9/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Ivan, Jesse, Miuriel, Nicole, Yannic

# Notes

* Miuriel: joined meeting and is keen to help out again after a long hiatus
* Quick intros/reintros
* Aapeli: CDN stuff, working on 
* Native app
  - Ivan: email confirmation without deeplinking causing annoyance
  - Can probably confirm before completing signup then continue in app
  - Ivan: how to get SVGs from Figma?
* Nicole: wants us to update material UI
  - Nicole: could work on it
  - Aapeli: do we need to upgrade React from v17 to v18 as well?
* Aapeli: wants to turn GTM off
  - No one is looking at it so why have it?
  - Consensus is that that's ok, we can turn it back on
* Aapeli: will send out newsletter email
* Nicole: demoing new events page
  - Everyone: loves it
  - Nicole: some questions for feedback
* Aapeli: brings up using other place data
  - Big discussion once again on different aspects of location/clustering/etc
  - Aapeli: wants to gather some logs on what people are searching and what they're clicking on
* Discussion on adding some more stuff to grafana to keep track of quickly happening actions, e.g. tons of messages

* What everyone's working on:
  - Aapeli: a variety of things, user/profile splitting
  - David: map stuff, wants to talk about 
  - Ivan: native app
  - Jesse: support
  - Miuriel: will talk to Jesse to get up to date on things, Figma access
  - Nicole: working on new events, basic logic stuff is mostly done
  - Yannic: survey, grafana
