# Dev meeting

When: 18/6/24, 20:30 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Jesse, Tristan

# Notes

* Aapeli: removing password optinality
* Aapeli: mod notes PR
  - Jesse: we need account linking before we use it re naturists
* Aapeli: log in automatically after password reset: David?
* David: working on map
* Big discussion on event pages, etc
* Tristan: working on badges
* Tristan: thoughts on PM/github project and how it's a bit hard to find things at the moment
* Krishna: couldn't make it but will work on the search filters next
* Jesse: working on help pages
* Big discussion about what our priorities are, what are blockers for the newsletter

* What everyone's working on
  - Tristan: badges, PM docs
  - Aapeli: mod notes, newsletter (phase 3) wrap up
  - David: working on refactoring the map
  - Jesse: chatwoot, moderation duties
