# Dev meeting

When: 4/6/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, David, Jesse, Kofi

# Notes

* David: there is a new dev he will set up a time to chat with
* Aapeli: three milestones
  - Q2 wrap up: "Phase 3": this is what we're currently working on, getting some nice new features and usability improvements, writing blog posts and telling people about how we're back to working hard on the platform. This will end hopefully soon when we send out a big newsletter blast, etc. Waiting on some blog posts and minor cleanup.
  - Q3: "Safe & Active community": this is the upcoming one after the newsletter blast. Adding features that make the platform safer, encourage safer use, and highlight active users and communities.
  - Q4: "Moderation": I've not fleshed this out fully, but I think the next step is to add a more active, in-the-loop moderation subsystem to the platform to pre-emptively stop unwanted content from showing up, aka a system that hooks into actions and possibly shadowbans them until a modrator checks and they are applied.
* Aapeli: merged in notify v2...
* David: finished password reset PR
* Kofi: finished strong verification profile indicators
* Aapeli: re-enabled Vercel
  - Deploys a preview of the frontend whenever you make a PR, that preview points to the next backend
  - David: will review the PR
* David: could we do something similar with the backend?
* Jesse: otobo to chatwoot migration
  - Jesse: going through handbook and updating
  - How to write a reference?
  - Seem ready to switch?
  - We are storing deletion reasons and contributor forms
  - Decided to switch soon but keep otobo around for a bit
* Aapeli: hoping that the following two features can be developed by newsletter release
  - Settings screen in app (#4416)
  - Push notification subscription in app (#4417)
* What people are working on
  - David: map fixes
  - Aapeli: notifications
