# Dev meeting

When: 21/4/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Nicole, David, Aapeli

# Notes

### Solving bugs in Nicole's laptop (Apple silicon chip)
just solving some issues with a crypto package of python which seems to not work properly

### Upload media explanation
How the media upload code it's done and why, and explained a bit of context of it.

### interviwing new volunteers
Let's interview more people even if they don't have experience with cs, they might want to contribute anyway, they might want to be part of something, learn, and if we have give them what they want they might want to stay & contribute!

note: ask them what they expect/are looking for to know if the project fits

### Use github projects
Use github projects to organize tasks and put there the tasks that should be done next, instead of just a list of issues in github
