# Backend team meeting #6

Attending: Aapeli, Itsi, Lucas, Sam

## Agenda

* Check back on how everyone did on tasks last week
* Update:
    - Merged a bunch of refactoring PRs
    - Cleaned up alpha and fixed a bunch of bugs
    - Postgres migration will be merge in soon + new messaging system
    - Claudio took up bug tracking, added bug tool, priorities
    - CLA/CAA
    - Added more docs, architecture overview, etc
* CI/CD is broken: needs to be fixed
* Alembic
* GIS: postgis, address + coords
* World map
* Frontend architecture
* Need to set up a working group for features around local communities: community pages, events, groups
* Update on frontend: looking to assemble a team, we're getting to a point now where it's a bit hard to work on everything in parallel and also independently of frontend
* Licensing
