# Frontend meeting notes - 21 April 2021

**Present**: Aapeli, Darren, Jesus, Lucas, Thomas

## Notes from design meeting
- Designers have one person in charge of each page (list on the wiki). When we are doing issues, we can talk to that person directly

- You can run the figma prototype (but it's not always accurate) (that's why talk to the design owner)

## Other discussion

- Why material ui? Good balance between increasing dev speed and customizability

- We are aware that using a component system can become messy later, let's keep an eye on it

- Why rem not pixels? Slightly better for accessibility

- Do we use a grid? Yes, 0.5rem but not strictly

- class naming styles - just use semantic names. BEM etc. not necessary because JSS styles only apply to their component

- Where do we put constants files? Keep with component

- i18n - think about it later

- Tests are failing in certain timezones, Thomas will look into it

## What are we working on?

- Thomas - Regions/Languages
- Darren - Discussions
- Lucas - Search
- Jesus - TBC


