# Frontend meeting - 14 July 2021

**Present** - Aapeli, Darren, Jesse, Kerry, Lucas, Wioletta

## Discussion

- Event page will be read-only first
- Lucas will swap host requests with signup flow with Aapeli
- We should work on search
  - Move the keyword search?
- Issue organization
  - Keep design/implementation discussions to slack
  - Start using mega-issues to make refactoring/solving multiple issues at once convenient
- Form isDirty not working for some reason
- Lucas should fix his issues assignments
- We should upgrade react-hook-forms to v7


## What are we working on

- Darren - events
- Lucas - Various: signup flow, help kerry, image upload, cookie notice, host requests, ?
- Kerry - form confirmations
- Wioletta - getting dev environment started
