# Frontend meeting 10 March 2021

**Present:** Aapeli, Itsi, Darren, Chris, Lukasz, Josh, Lucas

## Discussions

- Talked about soft beta - low-pressure launch to a small number of users, just need to make sure nothing is broken

- For the real beta, we need to quite aggressively cut things. There is a shared google doc with initial cutting ideas, but feel free to cut more (or less) as you think is appropriate

- If spending too much time on one thing, maybe drop it (eg. Darren doing the profile message button)

- Feature flags: good idea, need to investigate the best way to implement. For now leave it until after soft beta

- Beta wireframes: Design team offered this, but they don't know what we are cutting. If any of us has trouble with design because of cuts, we can ask them how to solve.

- Hamburger vs. Bottom Nav: after some discussion and trying both on some devices, and even considering a hybrid (bottom nav with one button "more"), hamburger won out because:
  - There are padding/margin issues which are difficult to manage due to browser differences
  - Most mobile web sites use hamburger
  - Places nav near address bar (though Itsi showed off his bottom address bar)
  - The world is not yet ready for bottom nav on mobile web

- Margin consistency - think `theme.spacing` is enough, though maybe we need some guidelines when to use `1` or `2` (and avoid `0.5`, `0.25` is banned)

- Semantic html - may as well use it if you're sure it's appropriate and correct (it's good for accessbility)

- How to get rid of map in signup? Not really feasible due to technical reasons. Needs a design solution (popup, or integrate the map somehow?)

- Frontend testing - we should do better on this after soft-beta. Darren has already written some great examples to copy which have a good balance between testing important stuff while not testing too small/deeply

- Make sure to assign yourself to issues before you work on them (important as there are a bunch of tiny issues now)
