# Frontend Meeting

## 18 Nov 2020

**Present:** Aapeli, Lucas, Marco, Sherri

### Need more good first issues

- Maybe storybook stuff? (Putting our components into storybook)
- Layout for messages (once it is merged)

### We are working on:

- Sherri will look at mobile navigation bar
- Marco doing message
- Lucas is looking at pb objects, next is user profiles
- Darren presumably continuing with profile editing

### PRs - how do people know about changes if they have been away?

Options:

- Fetch commits
- "Watch" the github repo for email alerts
- Aapeli will make a frontend-prs channel in slack

### Merge react frontend into main repo or not?

Yes. Aapeli will move the git tree, Lucas will move the issues
