# Frontend meeting 2020/12/02

## Present

Aapeli, Lucas, Sherri, Marco, Darren

## Notes

- Lucas follow up with new signups/Itsi

- Everyone should give a description/bio/location/link for the website

- Open an issue for frontend account management (at least change/set password)

- Token security - Aapeli will investigate

- Redux store - when to use it? For global things or stuff that's accessed from different areas, or just when it's easier (case by case)

- Replace moment - maybe with luxon? Timeago.js? Investigate

- Open profile photo upload issue

  - Ask Aapeli for help with details for the api
  
- You can run `docker-compose up --build backend proxy media` for developing frontend, if you run yarn locally

- Mapping - Can be raster or vector maps. Leaflet is probably best for raster. MapboxGL is great for vector and looks great but is expensive

  - Leaflet with OSM is ugly. We'll start with leaflet with Mapbox to start with while we can use the free tier.

- Aapeli will look into storybook previews

- Tag pull requests as well as issues

- It can be good to rebase rather than merge right before a PR.

- You can see PRs awaiting review from you (under 'Reviews' menu on the PR page).

- PR Author should merge unless there's any issues/merge conflicts they need help with.

## What are we working on?

Marco - continuing messages

Darren - will check issues

Sherri - Styling for UI/UX guidelines and messages

Lucas - Locations in jail/profile edit/profiles/signup? and then continue profiles



