# Frontend meeting 13 Jan 2021

### Present: Aapeli, Alston, Lucas, Darren

## Discussion

- Basic refactoring to react-query is basically done

- What is left to get to parity to Vue frontend?

  - Messages and Couch Requests complete features

  - Notifications

  - User reporting

  - Bug reporting

- Then work on communities in time for Beta
  
- Discussion about what objects to return (or ids)

  - Communities: users - id, page parents - object
  
  - This is fine for now, we will see how it goes

- Do we want json/normal fetch api instead of grpc-web?
  
  - Might make testing easier

  - It's a possibility in the future (proxy can transcode gRPC messages to/from json)

- How are we releasing React frontend?

  - Saving it for a beta
  
- Push notifications?

  - In the future, mostly backend work

## What are we working on

- Lucas - Messages/host requests, finish features and a bit of design

- Darren - Finishing friends

- Alston - Starting with 404 page
