# Frontend meeting June 2, 2021

**Present:** Aapeli, Darren, Lucas, Thomas

## Discussion

- Region stuff now merged
  - Darren will look into using `Map` later
  
- We should keep PRs small for easy of reviewing (and ease of responding to review)

### Communities initial release

- Dashboard/community links basically done

- Open issue for communities listing order in backend

- Ask design people about search results link

- Thomas - working more on profile and editing
- Darren - community info page
- Lucas - clean up community page, fix search results new tab
