# Web frontend meeting 21 September 2021

**Present**: Aapeli, Jesse, Lucas, Natalia, Ricardo

## Discussion

- weblate and i18next is waiting for workspaces

- Do we need lerna?
  - Lerna is good for versioning and executing commands across packages
  - Don't need it, at least to start with
  - yarn workspaces should work but we need to transpile the code
ricardo knows about monorepo stuff

- Talked about react-snap stuff

- MUI v5 is out! Very big migration

- remember me switch
  - get rid or implement properly
get rid of it
  - get rid easier for now

- Ricardo is going to work on community member list

- Discussion about community members vs people who are physically within the community
  - Might be confusing for users to see "20 members" but there's only actually 12 people physically there
  - Not nice for joining a community to be a one-way relationship - you get notifications but don't appear in any lists/counts etc
  - This is functionality that needs further discussion in a relevant team  

- Natalia is busy this week but wants to work on translations / i18next

- Jesse asked about dev - design communications, and if we should do iterations on what currently exists or work more on the mockupsstuff
  - We are trying to implement the design but are limited by what is currently built
  - Ideally, as we build more and more features, we will get closer and closer to the mockups
  - If we want iterations of what we have now, best to talk to a dev to figure out what the current limitations are
