# Web meeting 1 Dec 2021

**Present:** Aapeli, Ricardo, Lucas

- Darren made a big translations PR

- Ricardo's PR - he will continue/rebase

- Aapeli gave a backend update, working on notifications, later map stuff

- Aapeli will put up a weblate instance for translations

- Aapeli is going to set up GSuite for real couchers.org emails

- Next.js hosting
  - Production - docker container on EC2
  - Previews - Vercel? Lucas will email and ask once gsuite is up

- Vincent messaged and asked for an issue

- Ricardo will try and rally some people

- First issues are not that easy (login)
  - Lucas will update readme.md
