# Frontend meeting 16 June 2021

**Present:** Aapeli, Darren, Francisco, Jesus, Lucas

## Discussion

- Communities is ready to roll out
- We need a way to report content
- To start, we will just add a screen in front of bug report dialog with the couchers support email for content reporting
- Event cards looked a bit weird. Will discuss further in slack
- We will do events incrementally - only listing and view first (since we can manually add events in the backend)

## We are working on
- Darren is going to do events
- Jesus is working on donation page
- Lucas will do the community stuff and bugs
- Francisco - Lucas will assign an appropriate issue
