# Web meeting 19 May 2022

**Present:** Lucas, Will

## Discussion

- Summarized current changes in backend/frontend
- Will wants to fix hosting requests not having message preview in notification email, but Lucas advised against because backend is being re-written
- Lucas suggested working on #2881
- Lucas slowing doing profile i18n keys
