# Web meeting Jan 13th 2022

**Present**: Aapeli, Aude, Darren, Lucas, Marlen, Ricardo

## Discussion
- Translations:
  - Lucas will make a big issue to assign people and split work
  - talked about good naming of keys
  - some things like emails should be constants
  - maybe make separate namespace for things that shouldn't be translated

- Talked about Ricardo's PR to abstract i18n and getStaticProps convenience
- Will merge asap and add instructions to big issue

- Language related SEO stuff
  - Should not redirect, just have a banner like "Would you like to view french version?"

- Lucas will get rid of old i18n issues

- grpc version? Aapeli will update generator

- merging landing site and app to come after translations
  - need to investigate a good way to keep original markdown and support a CMS
