---
title: Contributor Non-Disclosure Agreement
---

_This agreement is to be signed by contributors who need access to Confidential Information._

Dear Contributor,

Thank you for offering to volunteer your time and resources to Couchers.org. Your assistance is vital to making this project a reality.

In your execution of tasks, you may be required to access sensitive data, and so we need to obtain your agreement on the following non-disclosure obligations, as set out below:

## 1. Parties

The below Contributor Non-Disclosure Agreement (referred to as the “Agreement”), applies to (A) You, referred to as the “Contributor”, and (B) the Couchers.org Foundation, which is a company limited by guarantee in the State of New South Wales of Australia (ACN: 643 340 309), referred to as the “Foundation”.

Both the Contributor and Foundation are collectively referred to as the “Parties”.

## 2. Confidential Information

All data generated by, originating from or having to do with the Foundation or persons associated with its activities, including contractors, is to be considered Confidential Information.

This includes, but is not limited to, user data, messages, content data, databases, support tickets, email lists, and email messages, relating to data or communication internally between staff members and/or volunteers and/or users and/or outside the Foundation. This also includes any data or other information that the Contributor gains access to upon signing this document.

Such Confidential Information is the sole property of the Foundation and must not be copied or disclosed to any party outside of the Foundation without the written consent of the directors of the Foundation.

## 3. Data Policy

The Contributor agrees to handle all data in accordance with the [Data Policy](link).

The Foundation may update the Data Policy from time to time, and the Contributor agrees to abide by the latest version of the Data Policy.

## 4. Return of materials

Upon the Foundation's request, the Contributor shall immediately return all original materials provided by the Foundation and any copies, notes or other documents in the Contributor's possession pertaining to Confidential Information, and delete any duplicates the Contributor may possess.

## 5. Disciplinary action

Any disclosure, misuse or transmitting of any material, data, or information, whether intentional or unintentional, will subject the Contributor to disciplinary action according to the procedures set by the Foundation.

The Foundation is permitted to take any legal or non-legal action against the Contributor, such as assisting in criminal investigation/prosecution or launching civil judicial proceedings against the Contributor, for monetary damages and/or other forms of compensation under any applicable laws.

## 6. Jurisdiction

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New South Wales, Australia.

Yours sincerely,
Couchers.org
