# Frontend meeting 11 August 2021

**Present:** Aapeli, Darren, Lucas

## Discussion
- flakey tests
- create event within community page
- we should not use describe - split into files
- Lazy loading
- Lucas push cookie banner
- Need to think about mobile
- Aapeli will fix serving for react-snap
