# Frontend meeting 7 Apr 2021

**Present:** Aapeli, Darren, Josh, Lucas

## Discussions

- Will check that the meeting time is good on slack

- MUI Bug with css order different in dev/production. Options: 
  - go to v5 now
  - wait, and go to v5 when it's stable
  - aapeli wants to use !important (jokes)
  - use classes workaround
  - some other workarounds: https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/16374#issuecomment-721617297 https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/16609#issuecomment-528325054

- For now, use classes where it reallu matters, migrate to v5 later. Will investigate further the other workarounds

- Make all cancel buttons gray

- Aapeli is going to change dialog sizes

- Follow the "Beta feature sprint 1 - communities" for next large features to do

- Fix high priority bugs, but it's okay to hold off on smaller ones

- As beta is publicized, we might need someone to help manage issues, close dupes, etc.

  - Maybe put link to issue in bug reporter

- Error reporting? Aapeli will look into it.

- Error boundary - open an issue

- Josh will work on Places

- Darren is working on Discussions


