# Frontend meeting 24 Feb 2021

**Present**: Aapeli, Chris, Lucas, Darren, Andrea, Michael, Omer said hello

## Discussion about current design and implementation
The mobile design uses native app design more than a mobile web design. This makes it difficult to unify it with the Desktop web design.

We will need to take some liberties with the design to make it easier to develop, and that's fine!

## Various notes
- Use divs from now on instead of `Box`s

- Let the design team know about material ui components

- Open issue about messages mobile behaviour

- Aapeli will turn off production in the preview builds

- Aapeli will do references next

- We should do a donations page saying there will be a way to donate in the future.

- Licenses/credits page

## What we are working on

- **Darren** is working on references api implementation

- **Chris** is doing signup

- **Lucas** is doing communities main page

- **Andrea** is doing Profile/Profile editing

- **Michael** upload component for react-hooks-form
